# Artist/Record Label Smart Contract

## Overview
We created a smart contract to establish trust and clarity with the agreements between record companies and artists. The contract will hold predetermined funds in a vested wallet, supplied by the record company, released upon conditions met by the artist and the label. The funds in question will be Ether, the native cryptocurrency on the Ethereum platform. The vested wallet is an investment vehicle for the artist and has the option to be the main or a side contract during negotiations. This smart contract will permit the artist to access investment vehicles from the beginning of their career. The volatility of cryptocurrencies could allow the artist to have the value of their funds appreciate or depreciate. It is a more risky financial contract than dealing with fiat currency, but with the surge in interest in cryptocurrencies, an alternative must arise to meet the demand. The security comes from the nature of immutability in the smart contract. Neither party can change nor renegotiate the terms post-execution. Also, the contract offers a layer of transparency by giving all parties an understanding of the risks and benefits. At all times, the terms and conditions will be available to parties, and the artist will be able to see the exact payout they are entitled too.

## Contract Structure

The contract terms will be determined prior to being executed. Our role comes in by offering the investment vehicle into the contract for the artist. 
We want to ensure protection for each artist/label involved by offering an agreed percentages payout. For example, Drake, Kanye, Jack Harlow, and Kendrick created a song and their percentages for the body of work was an equal split of 25%. If multiple artist were involved in a project, this smart contract would a) protect all parties involved, b) pay artists, producers, and labels 

Terms of the contract are determined through negotiation between the artist and label. As a third party contract provider, We do not intend to advise, interfere, or sway any of these talks. 
However, due to our observation of historical problems within the market we aim to provide an inherent support structure that requires fair treatment of both parties, and circumvent these historical issues. For example, many artists have been dropped from label deals due to underperformance of an album, falling short of deadlines due to factors out of their control, or blatant breach of contract by the record label. On the flip side, we do not wish to see the record label financially harmed by an artist who is simply not meeting their contract terms on purpose or by negligence.  
Therefore, Our contracts WILL NOT allow obscure circumstances to put the artist out of our smart contract, or the company to be required to pay out funds to a non-cooperative artist. Our unique conditional logic within the contract does not allow ad hoc dropping of an artist. It also does not allow an artist to be paid unless they meet their deadlines and or surpass a specified expiration date for not trying. This protects both parties. 
